today I am going to tell you how to
knead the dough and this is the my
mother which is telling you how to do it
so first of all she has inserted water
in the middle of the floor and now she
is stirring it has added more water now
it's stirring it with the floor and now
she is kneading it takes the site flowed
into the middle with the wet flow and
needed now insert more water and start
kneading it we will have to add water
till it gets us medium not soft not very
hard consistency we are not adding salt
and oil in our daily things regularly if
we knead the dough so it will be not
much healthy if we add the salt and the
oil in lava flow wheat flow so this is a
little much hard dough funny now now she
will add a little more water on the top
with a little teeny
so that it becomes slightly soft and we
will kept it under the lid for 15
minutes so now we had take a excess load
into a plate and now we will take the
kneaded dough which we had needed
earlier and spread it in the prefer now
we will apply some dough in the floor
and press it and make a circular shape
and now we'll press it and spread it in
an circular shape like this in the Saba
skillet when one side of the chapati is
cooked then we will flip it you can see
by this time we will spread one more
chapathi add the less cooked part in the
flame and you can see it rises up in
step a theorizing up instantly
NACO get in the flame get the chapati by
this time kept another the pipeline is a
skillet when one side is cooked flip it
and when another side is cooked then
pull the lower cooked side in the flame
and cook it so this is how we make our
chapati serve it hot with sabzi yet hope
this video is useful for you thanks for
watching see you soon bye bye